---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week we finished up our website, www.youknownothing.fyi. I worked on setting up a many-to-many relationship between Episodes and Characters in our database, and exercising the API of another group in our class, inebri8.me. I honestly had a lot of fun with it, the assignment felt more like fun personal project than a class project. I was always happy to work on SWE instead of my other classes. I also really love our theme, Game of Thrones, which definitely contributed to my and my teammates passion for the projects. 

### What's in your way?
Working with friends. Sometimes it's great and works out really well, other times it can be pretty frustrating. The project is finished now and I think we did a great job in the end, but I think we definitely struggled throughout the process. Group projects are always tough though, and it's a decent way to prepare for frustrations when working in industry. Nothing will ever be perfect, so you have to learn how to adjust accordingly. 

### What will you do next week?
We will work on our extra credit presentation. We are presention on concurrency and threads in Python, so we get to revisit Operating Systems topics, which is a little scary! Additionally we have to present our website to the whole class. Presentations and talking in front of people make me really nervous, so hopefully this goes smoothly!

### Class experience:
As this class is winding down, I definitely think I'm going to recommend it to friends. I enjoyed it a lot. One of my favorite things about the class is that Professor Fraij knows everyones names. At the beginning of the semester it was a little intimidating to be called on in class, but now it feels like a conversation and I really appreciate that. 

### Tip of the Week: 
Do the blog posts in this class! It is easy to forget about it, but the extra credit is so worth it! 