---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week Project 2, Netflix, was due. Even though my partner and I did not get an early start last week, the project proved not to be too difficult to finish. We were able to get the RMSE below 1 to 0.97 pretty easily by using a simple method of adding an offset of the movie average rating and customer average rating to 3.7, the overall average rating for all movies. From this point, it was just by chance that I, out of curiosity, tried movie and customer rating averages by year and using that data dropped our RMSE to 0.94!

### What's in your way?
I have two tests this week, in Software Design and in Scientfic Computation and Number Analysis, so that will take a bulk of my time this week. Luckily, there isn't much more than the readings this week in Software Engineering, so I should be able to keep on top of everything. 

### What will you do next week?
This week I want to try to familiarize myself more with Python. We have a test coming up and I am definiltey losing an unnecessary number of points on quizzes because of my unfamiliarity with Python syntax. I will probably start studying by going through the files we've covered in class, and try to find some more tutorials online. 

### Tip of the Week: 
Work on projects in the UTCS labs! Even though it's not always fun to be in there, it's a good environment to get work done efficiently. Additionally, there are usually other people in the lab working on assignments for the same classes as you, so you have a good number of people to discuss problems with. 