---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week we got our IDB2 grades back, and we did not do as well as I would have hoped. We kind of predicted where we would lose points on because we definitely were running out of time towards the deadline and had to just submit what we had working. This week Peyton and I took charge on restyling the website, including a new color scheme and fresh look for the splash page. Other than that, since it was the week between IDB deadlines, it was pretty chill for SWE. In other classes, I had a pretty chill week as well. I only had one exam in chemistry and found out I did pretty well on my two exams last week! 

### What's in your way?
I say this almost every week, but it's always the quizzes! I did relatively well on the projects and on the midterm, but I think my grade is about 10% lower than what I expect of myself because of my performance on the quizzes. In all honesty I do need to pay closer attention to the lectures, but during the quizzes I get nervous that I'm running out of time so I just pick an answer and hope for the best. It'd definitely not the best strategy. 

### What will you do next week?
Next week is the final deadline for the class project, so there is a good amount of work to be done. We have to fix the issues with sorting and implement search. We also lost points on not having a charaters attribute filled for episode. Since that's a part of the database population I will have to fix that. We also need to use another group's API, so that should be interesting. 

### Class experience:
At this point, I feel like the lectures are over topics just to fill time and are not necessarily relevant to our projects. I've definitely noticed attendance drop somewhat. I think class time may be better in the future for groups to meet and work together. It can sometimes be hard to coordinate times to meet since everyone has such different schedules, but it is guaranteed that everyone has class time blocked off for this class. 

### Tip of the Week: 
The course schedule for Summer 2017 and Fall 2017 opened up this week. The department says to meet up with advisors to figure out your schedules, but I personally think the advisors don't have as much helpful information as upper classmen. Talk to your older friends about classes they've already taken. If you don't know anyone who's taken a class you're interested in, checkout some of the Facebook pages such as the Computer Science page, or UT Professor/Class Reviews. If you're looking for information on any UTCS class, check out WiCS Bull Session, they discuss every class in the computer science department. If you can't make the session, they also post a Google Doc of notes in the Computer Science Facebook page!
