---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did you do this past week?
IDB2 was due this week. Luckily, I finished most of what I needed to do last week for this phase of the project so I was able to focus on my two exams in other classes this week. On Thursday I met up with my group and finished some last minute stuff, including documenting our API through Apiary.   

### What's in your way?
Group projects can be tough. There are a lot of difficulties including allowing everyone to contribute equally to the project and trusting that everyone will complete their tasks in a reasonable manner. In this phase in particular I think I struggled with frustration that certain responsibilities had to be redistributed on the due date because teammates unfortunately dropped the ball. Luckily we were able to get most of the important things done by the deadline. We still have some styling issues and our sort algorithm is on the front end and only sorts elements by page instead of the whole table. 

### What will you do next week?
Next week is pretty light since the project was due today. We'll probably wait for our IDB2 grades and then meet as a team to discuss what needs to be done for the final deadline. I definitely want to consider different color schemes for our site. The page looks a little too dark and brown. I would like to see something a little more bright and inviting even though our theme, Game of Thrones, is somewhat dark.  

### Class experience:
Nothing much new to report here, I still consider this one of my favorite classes. And the quizzes are still pretty hard!

### Tip of the Week: 
Pay attention to the weekly emails from the UTCS department. They usually have useful information about classes and, in my opinion more importantly, tech company events. These events can be a lot of fun and really beneficial for recruiting for internship and full time positions. I love the monthly Brain Freeze events in the GDC or even more in depth events such as Google's Women in Computing Summit at their Austin campus. There are a lot of great opportunities to take advantage of while still a college student. 
