---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did you do this past week?
The past week I spent most of my time studying for my exams in Software Design and Scienficic Computation & Number Analysis. We have an exam in this class on Tuesday, so I started looking over some of the lecture notes to begin studying. 

### What's in your way?
The weather! In all honestly, it's starting to be really pleasant outside and the weather is putting me in such a summer break mode. All I want to do is relax and spend time in the sun, but I have to focus on school for at least two more weeks. Luckily, spring break is approaching fast!

### What will you do next week?
This week my biggest responsibility is studying for the Software Engineering exam. I am going to make a cheat sheet and make sure I understand everything in the files we've gone over in class. 

### Class experience:
This class has been pretty enjoyable so far. The lectures themselves are very clear, and Professor Fraij keeps us on our toes by calling out on us randomly in class. The projects so far have not been very difficult, but they've been useful in helping us familiarize ourselves with new tools. The only thing I'm really not a fan of is the quizzes. They are a significant portion of the grade, and the questions can be quite nit-picky. 

### Tip of the Week: 
If you're easily distracted like I am when trying to study, it can really help to listen to music that helps you focus. Spotify has some great playlists for studying, such as Deep Focus, Peaceful Piano, Intense Concentration, etc. I've found that listening to these playlists help me get in the zone and concentrate on my school work. 