---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week I focused a lot on finishing my responsibilities for IDB2. My teammate Peyton and I pair programmed setting up the database and populating it with data from our API. We realized one API alone did not have a substantial amount of data, so I had to figure out how to join data from two different APIs. I found that the stuff we've been going over in class decarding joining two dictionaries was very useful!
For the most part I have finished populating the database, but I have a few more things to finish up.  

### What's in your way?
Unfortunately, the quizzes are still my weakest point in this class. I had a pretty rough week last week with quiz scores. I usually get pretty nervous that I'm going to run out of time so instead of thinking through the questions clearly I rush to submit something with the hopes that I may be right. 

### What will you do next week?
I have two exams on the same day that IDB2 is due, so I don't think I will be able to do much this week. Luckily I have already finished a large majority of what I was tasked with for this deadline. I was also in charge of handling pagination on our model pages, but thankfully one of my other teammates has agreed to take on that load so I can focus on my other classes.  

### Class experience:
I actually really enjoyed setting up the database. It was pretty fun, and didn't really feel like work because it was interesting. Other than the project, class is going really well! 

### Tip of the Week: 
Meet with your team early to discuss your goals for the deadline and communicate with them often. Slack is a great way to do that! My group has been pretty successful in my opinion in getting work done in a timely manner because we are constantly in communication on what needs to get done and when it needs to be finished. 