---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### What did you do this past week?
Admittedly, Software Engineering took a bit of a backseat this past week. I got caught up in assignments for my other classes, including 3 other assignments for my other two CS classes and my math class. I also had a chemistry exam on Thursday. For this class, I kept up with the readings. I really enjoyed the article "A Bug and a Crash" that we read at the beginning of the week. The article was informative about the Ariane crash, but the author's tone was also cheeky which made the article fun to read.

### What's in your way?
Last week, a multitude of assignments were in my way from getting a lot done for Netflix. This week I don't feel like I have much in my way. I definitely still need to get better at the quizzes in this class. I usually do well on the questions that are straight from the readings, but some of the Python related questions still trip me up. I think looking at the files we go over in class again before the next quiz will help me prepare for those questions. 

### What will you do next week?
My partner and I have to crack down on Netflix. Luckily, this and a Software Design project are the only two things I have this week, so I can dedicate pretty much all of my time finishing Netflix. 


### Tip of the Week: 
If you are still looking for an internship, go to the career fair on Tuesday. I remember being really intimidated by the career fair and not going my freshman year because I didn't think I was ready. I was so wrong! I regret not going, because all it really takes is a little practice talking to a variety of companies and confidence. The career fair is arguably the best opportunity to get an internship for the summer. I also think sometimes students are discouraged from going to the spring fair because a lot of their friends already get internship offers in the fall so they assume companies are not looking anymore in the spring. This is also not true! I got my internship last year from the spring career fair. If anything, you should just go to get all the fun swag :)