---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did you do this past week?

This was my first week in CS373, after late adding it and getting the CS department approval. This week I focused on catching up on the readings and lectures I missed out on from before I joined the class. I also started the first project of the class, Collatz. Many of the first steps of the assignment were to install required tools and familiarize myself with how to use them all. I did not actually start coding my solution to the Collatz conjecture, but got my project set up. 

### What's in your way?
Joining in this class late, I'm at a disadvantage when it comes to the quizzes. I missed two quizzes from not being in the class and was not prepared at all for the first quiz I took the day I got added to the class. I need to stay on top of readings and get as many points as possible on future quizzes to make up for this setback. 

### What will you do next week?
Next week will be dedicated to finishing the Collatz project. I have a few ideas on how to optimize my solution to get it to pass all the tests on Sphere, such as using bitwise operations and a cache. 

###Tip of the Week: 
Get to know as many people in the computer science department as possible. In CS439 Operating Systems, Professor Norman said the best indicator of how successful you will be in a class is the number of people you know in the class. Throughout my time here at UT I have definitely found that to be true. I think this especially applies for a collaborative, project-based class like Software Engineering as well. One of the best ways I have met computer science students in every one of my classes is through the co-ed computer science fraternity, Lambda Alpha Nu (LAN). LAN is looking for new members this week and I would definitely recommend my classmates check it out!