---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week was all class presentations. On Tuesday we were the first group to present our extra credit lecture. Our topic was threads and concurrency in Python. I definitey needed to brush up on my operating systems concepts before presenting because I took CS 439 a year ago, so it has been a while since I've thought about threads. On Thursday we presented our IDB project. In general, I'm pretty nervous about talking in front of people, but I think both presentations went pretty well. It was even nice to hear the class laugh at some of our jokes!

### What's in your way?
End of semester anxiety. I have a lot of exams coming up, including a chemistry exam on the same day as the SWE exam and then 3 more finals after that. So a lot is coming up fast, but I have a pretty optimistic look on it. It's one last sprint and then it is the summer! I'll be going back home to California and then interning in San Francisco for the summer at Salesforce. I'm really looking forward to a break from school :)

### What will you do next week?
Study study study! It's finals season, so it's crunch time. The extra credit in this class has realy helped, as well as the extra quizzes these last few weeks and I think I can do really well in this class as long as I do well on the last exam as well. The same goes for pretty much all my classes, so I just need to work hard and finish strong. 

### Class experience:
This was definitely one of my favorite classes that I've taken so far at UT, mostly because I really liked the project. My group and I had a lot of fun with it. I also really enjoyed all the presentations this week, everyone had really cool websites, and I actually learned a lot from my classmates in other groups. I would definitely recommend this class to anyone who like project-based courses. 

### Tip of the Week: 
Be a feminist. 