---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### What did you do this past week?
Time has gone by quite slowly; it seems like ages ago that we had an exam in this class, but it was just on Tuesday! The early part of the week was spent preparing for the exam. I though the exam was not terribly difficult, but definitely tricky. I thought I understood function packing and unpacking pretty well, but I may have had more of a cursory understanding. The rest of the week was pretty relaxed since we just had the exam. 

### What's in your way?
I'm curious to see how partial credit plays into the grading of the exam. There were not a lot of questions, and each question was worth a lot of points. For example, the one question was 50 points, which is 5% of our overall rade for one question on the exam! It'll be disheartening to see mistakes on these questions have significant impacts on our grades. 

### What will you do next week?
This week is the last week before spring break. I thought the break would never come! Unfortunately, before I can relax, I have two exams, one in Network Security and anotehr in Chemistry. I will spend most of my week preparing for these exams. 

### Class experience:
We had a guest speaker on Thursday from Mutual Mobile. I thought it was a better talk than the one from Bloomberg, but it was also really long. The speaker seemed to try to cover every possible topic he could, and while he was very thorough, it probably would have been more effective to narrow the focus of the talk on something specific. Overall, I'm not entirely sure how useful the guest speakers have been. They seem to regurgitate information most of us already have gained for ourselves through our internship experiences. 

### Tip of the Week: 
Starting this week, it is South by Southwest! There are a lot of cool and FREE technology events going on, from SXSW Edu on Tuesday to career expos and more next week. If you're staying in Austin for spring break, definitely check out some of the events! I will be :)