---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week the was the first major deadline of the semester's main project, so it was pretty busy. My partners and I in all honestly did not start before spring break due to being swamped by other classes, so we had a lot of slack to make up for this week. Our theme is Game of Thrones and our website is www.youknownothing.fyi and I'm proud of how things are looking. I worked on the pages with the tables for our three different categories and worked on making sure all the columns were sortable. 

### What's in your way?
I don't have much in my way this week. This week is sort of the calm before the storm. I have several exams and projects due next week so I need to make sure I don't relax too much this week in order to help myself out for next week. 

### What will you do next week?
My group and I will discuss what needs to get done for the next deadline in two weeks and divide up responsibilities. I will try my best to finish up as much of my work as possibile this week so I can study for my exams next week. 

### Class experience:
This class is probably my favorite class I'm taking right now. I am especially enjoying the current project and working in a large team. It is a lot of fun and reminds me a little bit of my internship experience over the summer. 

### Tip of the Week: 
Prioritize. Particularly in your class schedule. Next week the drop and pass/fail deadlines are coming up for this semester. If there is a class that is dragging you down and you evaluate your situation and can do better without it, go for it! It's always better to do great in a few things than get by in a lot of things. The same applies to classes. 