---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week I finished the Collatz project. The project had a lot of requirements and seemed a little intimidating at first, but by going through the workflow step by step I realized it was not too bad. I finished the project in less time than I had estimated originally. The hardest part of the assignment, but admittedly most fun as well, was optimizing the solution enough for it to be accepted by Sphere. I am also happy to say I did much better on the quizzes this week! Things are looking up :)


### What's in your way?
My courseload is pretty heavy. I am taking three computer science classes, a math class, and a chemistry class, which adds up to five pretty intense classes overall. It's the third week now so most classes are in full swing and I'm starting to feel my assignments pile up for each class. I am considering dropping a class to lighten the load (not this class though!), but I am hoping good time management will carry me through and I won't have to drop anything. 

### What will you do next week?
It looks like next week we are starting a new project for this class, Netflix. I hope find a partner and to get started on it pretty early. It also looks like we have a lot of reading assigned, so I plan to finish that earlier in the week since I have a chemistry test at the end of the week. 

### Tip of the Week: 
Use some kind of calendar to stay organized and help you keep your eye on the big picture. Daily planners are great but I love using a giant white-board calendar on my wall at home, and I love being able to visualize what my month is going to look like. I have my class assignments and exams color coded so I always have an idea of what kind of workload to expect weekly. I also include social activities such as my cousin visiting from Chicago or my friend's birthdays to remind myself I have fun things to look forward to as breaks from work as well!